content/en/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Svetlana Cranga

# Name pronunciation (optional)
name_pronunciation: 

# Full name (for SEO)
first_name: Svetlana
last_name: Cranga

# Status emoji
status:
  icon: ☕️

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Innovation | Investments | Sustainability | Blockchain

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
  - name: Natixar
    url: https://www.natixar.com/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: |
  Svetlana Cranga is a French-Moldovan entrepreneur and sustainability expert specializing in critical minerals, 
  industrial innovation, and blockchain-based traceability. She is the co-founder and president of Natixar, 
  a startup focused on enhancing transparency and ESG compliance in mineral supply chains through digital technologies.

  Previously, Cranga served as Director of Sustainable Development at Groupe ADF, where she led decarbonization 
  initiatives for industrial clients. Her earlier roles include Export Area Manager at Fives Pillard, overseeing 
  markets in EMEA and North America.

  Cranga holds dual Master’s degrees: one in International Business (Asia-Pacific focus) from the University of 
  La Rochelle, and another in Innovation Management and Intellectual Property from the University of Lyon II.  
  She is also a French Foreign Trade Advisor (CCEF) and actively participates in industry associations such as 
  Evolen and Club CO₂.

  Her professional focus lies at the intersection of sustainability, innovation, and international collaboration, 
  particularly in the mining and energy sectors.([LinkedIn][1])

# Social Networking
# Need to use another icon? Simply download the SVG icon to your `assets/media/icons/` folder.
profiles:
  - icon: at-symbol
    url: 'mailto:s.cranga@natixar.com'
    label: E-mail Me
  - icon: brands/x
    url: https://x.com/Svetly2711
  - icon: brands/linkedin
    url: https://www.linkedin.com/
  # Link to a PDF of your resume/CV - upload it to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`
  - icon: academicons/cv
    url: uploads/resume.pdf
    label: Download my resume
  - icon: rss
    url: ./post/index.xml
    label: Subscribe to my blog via RSS feed

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true

# Author's website URL
website: ""
---

Chien Shiung Wu is a professor of artificial intelligence at the Stanford AI Lab. Her research interests include
distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter. She leads the Robotic Neurobiology group, which develops
self-reconfiguring robots, systems of self-organizing robots, and mobile sensor networks.

Commit message:

Adds body section for Svetlana Cranga's profile
Includes a comprehensive "body" section detailing Svetlana Cranga's background as an entrepreneur and sustainability expert.

Removes the LinkedIn reference for a cleaner presentation.

Enhances the profile by aligning the information with her professional focus.

content/en/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Svetlana Cranga

# Name pronunciation (optional)
name_pronunciation: 

# Full name (for SEO)
first_name: Svetlana
last_name: Cranga

# Status emoji
status:
  icon: ☕️

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Innovation | Investments | Sustainability | Blockchain

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
  - name: Natixar
    url: https://www.natixar.com/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: |
  Svetlana Cranga is a French-Moldovan entrepreneur and sustainability expert specializing in critical minerals, 
  industrial innovation, and blockchain-based traceability. She is the co-founder and president of Natixar, 
  a startup focused on enhancing transparency and ESG compliance in mineral supply chains through digital technologies.

body: |
  Svetlana Cranga is a French-Moldovan entrepreneur and sustainability expert specializing in critical minerals, 
  industrial innovation, and blockchain-based traceability. She is the co-founder and president of Natixar, 
  a startup focused on enhancing transparency and ESG compliance in mineral supply chains through digital technologies.

  Previously, Cranga served as Director of Sustainable Development at Groupe ADF, where she led decarbonization 
  initiatives for industrial clients. Her earlier roles include Export Area Manager at Fives Pillard, overseeing 
  markets in EMEA and North America.

  Cranga holds dual Master’s degrees: one in International Business (Asia-Pacific focus) from the University of 
  La Rochelle, and another in Innovation Management and Intellectual Property from the University of Lyon II.  
  She is also a French Foreign Trade Advisor (CCEF) and actively participates in industry associations such as 
  Evolen and Club CO₂.

  Her professional focus lies at the intersection of sustainability, innovation, and international collaboration, 
  particularly in the mining and energy sectors.

# Social Networking
# Need to use another icon? Simply download the SVG icon to your `assets/media/icons/` folder.
profiles:
  - icon: at-symbol
    url: 'mailto:s.cranga@natixar.com'
    label: E-mail Me
  - icon: brands/x
    url: https://x.com/Svetly2711
  - icon: brands/linkedin
    url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/svetlana-cranga-74570821/
  # Link to a PDF of your resume/CV - upload it to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`
  # - icon: academicons/cv
  #   url: uploads/resume.pdf
  #   label: Download my resume
  - icon: rss
    url: ./post/index.xml
    label: Subscribe to my blog via RSS feed

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true

# Author's website URL
website: ""
---

Chien Shiung Wu is a professor of artificial intelligence at the Stanford AI Lab. Her research interests include
distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter. She leads the Robotic Neurobiology group, which develops
self-reconfiguring robots, systems of self-organizing robots, and mobile sensor networks.
